Fixed #32947 -- Fixed hash() crash on reverse M2M relation when through_fields is a list. (#14672)
django/django: docs/releases/3.2.6.txt

Bugfixes
========

> * Fixed a regression in Django 3.2 that caused a migration crash if
>   ``ManyToManyField`` had defined ``through_fields`` as a list
>   with a field to a model that was a parent to a proxy model
>   (:ticket:`32947`).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in Django 3.2 where a system check would crash on a model with a
  reverse many-to-many relation inherited from a parent class
  (:ticket:`32947`).
```
